Fixes #111 (#297)
knatten/cppquiz23: questions/153/explanation.md

According to §[lex.string]¶8 in the standard:

> > A narrow string literal has type “array of *n* `const char`”

Reviewer: I think we should reference §[lex.string]¶1 or §[tab:lex.string.literal] here

Author: Oh, good catch. Let's use the table.

The array of *n* `const char` decays to a pointer to `const char`. That pointer to `const char` does not implicitly convert to a pointer to non-const `char`.

> A note in §[conv.qual]¶4 extrapolates from the preceeding normative passages:
> 
> > a prvalue of type “pointer to `cv1 T`” can be converted to a prvalue of type “pointer to `cv2 T`” if “`cv2 T`” is more cv-qualified than “`cv1 T`”.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
§[conv.qual]¶note-3 extrapolates from the preceeding normative passages:

> A prvalue of type “pointer to *cv1* `T`” can be converted to a prvalue of type “pointer to *cv2* `T`” if “*cv2* `T`” is more cv-qualified than “*cv1* `T`”.
```

In this case however, `char*` is less cv-qualified than `const char *`, so the conversion is not allowed.

Note: While most compilers still allow `char const[]` to `char*` conversion with just a warning, this is not a legal conversion since C++11.

> See also <http://dev.krzaq.cc/stop-assigning-string-literals-to-char-star-already/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See also <https://dev.krzaq.cc/stop-assigning-string-literals-to-char-star-already/>
```
